Added pitching guidelines and communication links (#736)
publiccodenet/about: contributor-guides/for-staff.md

Our staff are expected to follow and uphold both the [Community code of conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and the [Staff code of conduct](../organization/staff-code-of-conduct.md). Make sure you are familiar with both.

> In your work you will need to introduce and explain the Foundation for Public Code. You'll answer questions about why we exist and what we do. The [pitching guidance](../activities/communication/pitching.md) provides a good starting point to learn how to briefly explain our work to others. We also provide a guide which describes our [communications activities](../activities/communication/index.md) and how we communicate with eachother.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your work you will need to introduce and explain the Foundation for Public Code. You'll answer questions about why we exist and what we do. The [pitching guidance](../activities/communication/pitching.md) provides a good starting point to learn how to briefly explain our work to others. We also provide a guide which describes our [communications activities](../activities/communication/index.md) and how we communicate with each other.
```
